Update contributors-guide.md (#370)
hirosystems/docs: docs/contributors-guide.md

For larger edits or new documents, edit the docs locally, following the steps described below.

### **Before Development**

1. Ensure that [Git](https://git-scm.com) and [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com) are installed.
2. Fork Hiro Docs repository . As it is described [here](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/fork-a-repo).

> 3. Checkout the current source code from: https://github.com/you_user_name/docs/ by running

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Open the terminal on your machine and navigate to your work folder to clone the docs repository. Then, use the following command to clone the repo.
```

>     `git clone https://github.com/you_user_name/docs.git`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `git clone git@github.com:hirosystems/docs.git`
```

> 4. You can find information about setting up development environment [here](https://github.com/hirosystems/docs#installation).

Author: Done

 
### **Starting Development**

> Follow these instructions of Git usage and creating a Pull Request. Currently all Hiro docs are located in `/hirosystems/docs`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the instructions in this section to create a branch and create a pull request from your local environment.
```
```suggestion
Follow the instructions in this section to create a branch and a pull request.
```
